Remove rooms that only have EPA members left in them (#43)
famedly/synapse-invite-checker: README.md

        allowed_room_versions: # The list(as strings) of allowed room versions. Currently optional, defaults are listed
          - "9"
          - "10"
        room_scan_run_interval: see 'Duration Parsing' below, # How often to scan for rooms that are eligible for deletion. Defaults to "1h"
        epa_room_survival_duration: see 'Duration Parsing' below, # Length of time a room with only EPA members is allowed to exist before deletion. Defaults to "1w"

>         enable_room_scan: true or false  # optional switch to disable the room scan from running, defaults to true

Reviewer: Is this the epa room scan or the inactive room scan?

Author: This is for the epa room scan. Oh, I see why you are asking, yeah I'll update all the references so there will be two

Author: This was adjusted based on out-of-band communication for insight and clarity. 

See [14aa79a](https://github.com/famedly/synapse-invite-checker/pull/43/commits/14aa79a81d7ab63f8004f98e7467942b39b1bd2f)

        allowed_room_versions: # The list(as strings) of allowed room versions. Currently optional, defaults are listed
          - "9"
          - "10"
        room_scan_run_interval: see 'Duration Parsing' below, # How often to scan for rooms that are eligible for deletion. Defaults to "1h". Setting to "0" completely disables all room scanning
        insured_only_room_scan:

>           enabled: true or false  # optional switch to disable the insured-only room scan from running, defaults to true based on 'tim-type: "epa"' setting above

Reviewer: Comment is wrong, should say that it can only be enabled in epa mode?

Author: ```suggestion
          enabled: true or false  # optional switch to disable the insured-only room scan from running. If 'tim-type` above is set to "epa" this defaults to true, if above is set to "pro" this is forced to false
```
How's that sound?

Reviewer: How about just:

```suggestion
          enabled: true or false  # optional switch to disable the insured-only room scan from running. The scan only runs in EPA mode, otherwise this option is ignored and the scan is disabled.
```

Author: done it [2e6a196](https://github.com/famedly/synapse-invite-checker/pull/43/commits/2e6a196e12b52f980ec03a5f2789ee24cb0661e8)
